---
layout: post
title:   "Group Work"
date:   2016-11-06
categories:   "161"
---

I'm sorry, but I hate group work.  There's always someone who is slacking off
and this time it was me.  I've never been the slacker before, but here we are.
It started because I couldn't load Cloud 9 and so I had to commit my changes 
directly to the repository.  By the time it loaded, my group members had started
work on the script independently.  I was also sitting in the back row, behind my
group so that didn't help either.  As it turned out, they each wrote their own 
script when I thought that we were collaborating.  Guess I messed up the group
part of the work as well.

I tried to be helpful, but I couldn't figure out how to help.  I Googled "random
character string" repeatedly and didn't come up with anything useful.  Even if I
had, I would have been nervous to try it because I might have screwed up a 
working script.  In the end, the only thing I did was collaborate on the 
questions and insert said questions into the script. I also ran the script twice
and didn't completely blow the thing up, so that was good.  

Once I saw that the script was running, I made a copy of the part of the script 
that generated the random character string.  I played around with it and figured 
out how to manipulate the commands to change the output.  For example, I took 
out the 'a-zA-Z' and left the '0-9' to create a completely numeric string.  I 
also changed the number of characters it spits out.  So I have a better idea of 
how it works.  I also tried reverse Googling the commands so I could see what I
missed, but that didn't work.  I have a feeling that this will all catch up with
me during the next assignment.

<https://github.com/gma96/braid-assignment-4>

Me:

<div class="tenor-gif-embed" data-postid="5012101" data-share-method="host" data-width="100%" data-aspect-ratio="1.875"><a href="https://www.tenor.co/view/slacker-gif-5012101">Slacker GIF</a> from <a href="https://www.tenor.co/search/slacker-gifs">Slacker GIFs</a></div><script type="text/javascript" async src="https://www.tenor.co/embed.js"></script>